So let's publish our app to the extras.
I'm going to walk you through all those steps.
But I also want to guide you where you can find out more information if you are stuck.
Let's start in the ionic documentation.
For now you have to switch to the version 1 framework DLX.
And while this refers to you on one the publishing process works the same.
Here you can click on guide and then on publishing your app and you can simply follow through those
steps to publish your app.
Though this will be a fully command line driven publish process or at least very much command Landrum.
I'm going to show you a process where we will use the Android studio or X code which makes some things
easier.
Also some of those steps are required any more like the first step to run this command I will show you
an alternative.
But the parts for Android publishing and Iowas publishing here are still valid and you can go through
them to publish your app successfully.
There are a couple of steps involved in publishing your app you first of course need to build your project.
This is done for the Iyonix Seelye but thereafter you also need to sign it now for running it on our
local devices.
We already had to sign it for iOS by assigning this profile and X code.
And for Android It was also signed but there does happen automatically which is why we didn't have to
go into Android studio to do so.
Signing is required to basically make sure that your app is OK.
You could say that it is trusted and for publishing that signing process looks a bit different.
All for publishing apps you will have to create a publisher account on the Google Play developer console
and the developer rockhound on the Apple developer program and both accounts cost money for Android.
That's $25 one time for Apple that's $99 per year.
I will come back to creating those accounts later.
Let's now start by building our app for this.
I'm back at the project and the first thing I will do here is I will add all the platforms I want to
build my app for I already have iOS I will now also add Android by running ionic platform at Android
you saw this in the running on a real device text on the course and this will now simply settler's app
apps such that it will work on Android too.
And with this fetish we can have a look at de-conflict SML file and you'll see that we don't have icons
and splash screens for Android set up there.
We also see that in the resources folder we still have to default icons and splash screens.
So we'll have to run ionic resources again which will show in the last lecture or generate all those
resources we need.
Now all for Android since we added this as a platform and once we did this and made sure that de-conflict
XOM file looks the way it should look like and we have the right name Werben and so on we can run ionic
build release and then we simply add the platform where we want to build for example Android.
Now the blue proses with this release flag will get generally do the same as the normal build process
but also strip out some debugging functionality and optimize our apps so do some optimizations really
prepared as ABW for deployment.
So this will now run through and once this has finished successfully all do the same for iOS.
So run I only Iqbal's release iOS and again this will strip out some plug ins you don't need some Reise
some debugging resources and capabilities and so on and I'll be back once it is finished to Sodhi I
whispered Prose's finished you in the next lectures we're going to have a look at how we can now ship
our app to the Google Play store and the iOS App Store